site/content/_index.md, before:

---
sundayschool:
  intro: This week's story is about Josiah.  He was a faithful king who followed
    God's word no matter what...
  video: 6C4MEXXbBmM
blessing:
  heading: Benediction
  text: Now may the God of peace, who through the blood of the eternal covenant
    brought back from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shepherd of the sheep,
    equip you with everything good for doing His will, and may He work in us
    what is pleasing to Him, through Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever and
    ever. Amen.
pagetitle: Sunday worship
title: Crossroad Online
subtitle: Sunday worship - 1st November 2020
image: /img/seaton.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Welcome!
  text: Welcome to our online service for this week.  We pray that this will be an
    encouragement to you during these uncertain times and will help you to focus
    on our unchanging God.
welcomevideo: LOyUfwdntpA
notices: []
worshipintro:
  heading: Draw Near
  text: Let's spend some time worshipping God in song.  Please play the videos and
    join in with the lyrics that will be on screen.  Why not also spend some
    time in prayer before moving on to the message?
worshipvideos:
  - title: Praise is rising
    video: VMBDWG9tseU
  - video: LULK2nZ6sCc
    title: Before the throne of God above
  - video: -ak0OoFBw3c
    title: Good good Father
  - video: -eIQQayhpak
    title: The Lord's my shepherd
sermon:
  video: Q4kFGeNEZx4
  islive: false
  title: Livestream - 1st November 2020
  intro: This week's livestreamed service was led by Jibu Varghese, who spoke on
    the theme of Jesus being our Good Shepherd.
---

Commit message:

Special video block added for Remembrance Sunday

site/content/_index.md, after:

---
sundayschool:
  intro: This week's story is about Josiah.  He was a faithful king who followed
    God's word no matter what...
  video: 6C4MEXXbBmM
blessing:
  heading: Benediction
  text: Now may the God of peace, who through the blood of the eternal covenant
    brought back from the dead our Lord Jesus, that great Shepherd of the sheep,
    equip you with everything good for doing His will, and may He work in us
    what is pleasing to Him, through Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever and
    ever. Amen.
pagetitle: Sunday worship
title: Crossroad Online
subtitle: Sunday worship - 1st November 2020
image: /img/seaton.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Welcome!
  text: Welcome to our online service for this week.  We pray that this will be an
    encouragement to you during these uncertain times and will help you to focus
    on our unchanging God.
welcomevideo: LOyUfwdntpA
notices: []
worshipintro:
  heading: Draw Near
  text: Let's spend some time worshipping God in song.  Please play the videos and
    join in with the lyrics that will be on screen.  Why not also spend some
    time in prayer before moving on to the message?
worshipvideos:
  - title: Praise is rising
    video: VMBDWG9tseU
  - video: LULK2nZ6sCc
    title: Before the throne of God above
  - video: -ak0OoFBw3c
    title: Good good Father
  - video: -eIQQayhpak
    title: The Lord's my shepherd
specialvideo:
  title: Remembrance Sunday 2020
  isdisplayed: true
  video: DFRkqpWZz1c
  intro: Please use this video, produced by the Church of England, to help you reflect and remember on Remembrance Sunday.
sermon:
  video: Q4kFGeNEZx4
  islive: false
  title: Livestream - 1st November 2020
  intro: This week's livestreamed service was led by Jibu Varghese, who spoke on
    the theme of Jesus being our Good Shepherd.
---
